[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 6]
I don't have any anesthetics,
so I'll have to do this quickly.
If you think this will be too much
for you, please turn around.
I'll be fine.
Have you ever given someone
stitches without anesthetics before?
Of course.
When?
Or maybe I haven't.
You should consider
yourself lucky, Ms. Soo Jin.
My needlework is so good...
that my nickname is Zipper.
Give me just one minute.
I'll make the stitches look
as neat as a zipped zipper.
Oh yeah.
Bite down on this.
The stitches will come out
looking weird if you're too tense.
Don't worry about me.
Just pretend that I'm a bag.
A leather bag.
This is going to hurt a bit.
Okay.
You're doing great.
Oh, you're doing great.
How are you holding up so well?
Are you awake?
Can you tell me your name?
What's your name?
Kim Hye Na.
What about your mom's name?
Shin Ja Young.
We're almost done.
These are the finishing touches.
I told you that
I'd stitch it up really nicely.
Our breathing was totally in sync.
Were you scared?
I want to go home, Mom.
You... want to go home?
Our house.
The barber shop.
We have to sleep here tonight.
What's the matter?
Were you scared because the doctor
stitched up my hand with a needle?
It's okay. It's okay.
Is she sleeping?
She just fell asleep.
It seems like it hasn't been long
since you moved into this place.
Well, it's been about two years now.
I keep telling myself every month
that I need to unpack my things
If I knew you'd be coming,
I would've cleaned up sooner.
All right, now...
I must ask you a couple of
questions, as a doctor.
Are you being pursued
by a dangerous person?
You mean this?
When it comes to this,
I'm the dangerous person.
Nobody did this to me.
I did it to myself.
A woman refuses to go to the hospital
even though her hand is cut open.
That woman didn't go to the hospital
when her child was ill, either.
And I treated that child and that woman.
As a doctor, I must know.
What have I done?
Did you have both of your parents around
when you were growing up?
Yes.
Both of your parents
were nice people, correct?
More or less.
Did you have a lot of friends
back when you were in school?
I guess you could say that.
Have you ever run away from home?
Is this an interrogation?
Did you eat well?
Have you ever felt apologetic
toward someone every time you ate?
Have you ever cried while dreaming
about sleeping in a comfortable bed?
I was adopted.
I was abandoned when I was six,
and was adopted when I was eight.
And I barely have any memories
of my birth mother.
I never once thought
that I wanted to meet her.
Because I'm not that
woman's child, anyway.
And...
that woman is not my mother.
[Human Documentary - A Special Program
Featuring Actress Cha Young Shin]
All children
have a mother who gave birth to them.
But...
not all mothers can raise kids.
The mom who gave birth to me
couldn't raise me.
So my current mother is raising me now.
And that's because
my current mother really needs me.
[Human Documentary]
Ms. Young Shin takes Soo Jin
with her everywhere she goes.
She brings her to the set,
the hair salon, and shopping.
Soo Jin will take
Ms. Young Shin's maiden name
and grow up as Kang Soo Jin.
Now, we will follow this
beautiful mother-daughter duo
and set off with them together.
I really need her.
She needs to be around
for me to be able to focus
and for me to be at ease.
That's why the director
is extra mindful
to make sure that Soo Jin
is comfortable on set.
The one thing that I really,
really don't understand...
something that baffles me so much
that I wake up in the
middle of the night over it, is...
what kind of mother...
could have abandoned a child like her?
A child who is so precious...
and special to someone else?
She must have been poor.
She must have been unhappy.
She must have had a reason
that she couldn't tell me about.
I couldn't shake off
these sorts of thoughts.
Every time I put some
delicious food into my mouth...
I thought that the person who'd
given birth to me was starving somewhere.
I guess that...
I pitied her.
The person who tied up her own daughter
under a tree and ran away.
But...
I met her today.
When I saw her in person...
I felt hatred toward her.
"How could you abandon your
own daughter and run away?"
I wanted to scream that
at her and hit her.
And so, I ran away.
You did the right thing.
That's completely normal.
Your hand will heal up in a week.
I think you were entitled
to do as you wanted.
If it's not all out of your system,
though, go and wreak more havoc.
You can hit her,
kick her, or yell at her.
I will...
never see her again.
No.
You definitely will see her again.
You'll meander around,
then end up seeing her again.
You'll meet with her and talk to her.
And you'll meet with her and cry.
That's how people tend to be.
That's the only way
you'll be able to get any closure.
I've never waited for you...
and I've never once thought
that I wanted to meet you.
I've never once thought
I wanted to show you
what kind of person I am
or how I ended up living my life.
Not even once.
So, why?
Why did you run a barber shop here
for so long, at a place like this?
All while being teased and
called a witch by the neighborhood kids?
It pisses me off!
Mom.
Why are you locking me up here?
I'm not a bike.
It's going to be a while
until I can come back.
But it'll be bad if you go somewhere
and I can't find you.
I'm not going to
go anywhere, though.
I won't go anywhere,
and I'll wait right here!
You promised me.
That you'd come back
and unlock this for me.
Yoon Bok! Yoon Bok!
Can you give this to your mom for me?
[Bank Account for Ms. Nam Soo Jin]
Hye Na...
where are you?
The attorney told me that they
won't be able to indict me.
If they can't find Hye Na,
the fact that we abused her...
Um, it's hard to prove
that those claims are true.
And apparently, even if
this case goes to court...
the worst sentence I'll get
is being on probation.
Do you know someone named Kang Soo Jin?
No. Who's that?
Isn't she Hye Na's old homeroom teacher?
No, I don't think that was her name.
Go find out who Kang Soo Jin is.
Why?
If Hye Na is alive
it won't be good for you.
Did you sleep well, Yoon Bok?
Where's my mom?
She had an urgent matter to attend to,
so she went out.
She'll be back before lunchtime.
You're hungry, right?
Let's eat breakfast. Come here.
I'm not going to eat anything
before my mom gets here.
Why not?
This is super delicious, though.
I guess I'll have to eat this
by myself, then.
What is it?
If you just pour hot water in this,
it becomes tomato spaghetti.
It's my favorite.
And this...
becomes a hot serving of vegetable
bibimbap if you just pull this string.
It's my second favorite thing.
And these are black bean noodles.
And this is a French military ration.
If you heat it up,
it becomes chicken curry.
Curry? I like curry.
Really?
I guess I'll eat the curry, then.
Doctor.
Yeah?
We've met once before, right?
Yeah.
And back then, you asked me for
my name and my mom's name, right?
Yeah.
My name is Kim Yoon Bok.
And my mom's name
is Kang Soo Jin.
Don't try to find out
anything more about us.
My mom isn't a bad person.
My mom is the most precious
person to me in this world
and I'm more thankful for her
than anything else in the world.
Yoon Bok.
What kind of doctor am I?
A medical doctor.
That's right.
Doctors aren't allowed to tell anyone
what their patients tell them.
That's the law.
So, if I tell that secret
to anyone at all
you can sue me, Yoon Bok.
Really?
What does it mean to sue someone?
Oh.
At any rate, everything we discuss...
will forever be a secret.
From Mom, too?
From your mom, too.
Do you think you'll be able to
have some breakfast now?
Just because I'm eating this
doesn't mean I'll tell you
anything about us.
I know.
I can't choose between
tomato spaghetti and chicken curry.
At times like that,
you have to have both, right?
Ms. Kang Soo Jin?
There isn't anyone by that name
at our school.
Oh, so there isn't?
I see. Thank you.
Honey, they said there isn't
a teacher by that name there.
You know, the teacher
who came by before.
The one who came to
the front of our house.
You mean that annoying woman?
No, the woman who came
with that teacher.
Oh, was there someone else?
Go see that annoying woman
and ask her about Kang Soo Jin.
Do I have to?
Yeah.
Student.
Can you come back tomorrow?
We'll stop for today.
What?
I'll cut your hair
really nicely tomorrow.
Big Bro.
You have a big sister, right?
I can cut women's hair, too.
Bring her here tomorrow.
I'll cut hers for free.
To be honest...
I did wait for you.
For quite a long time.
But I worked so hard
for much longer than I waited...
to get my head on straight
and to stop waiting for you.
I told myself that nobody
was coming to get me.
And that that woman had abandoned me.
That she wouldn't be coming back.
I persuaded myself, consoled myself,
cried, got angry, and yelled at myself...
while my childhood
passed before my eyes...
and my youth passed me by.
And now, I'm here.
Did you think that I would
accept this, ma'am?
Did you think that
I would thank you
and be happy to see you
and ask you if you've been
doing well all these years?
If not, what are you doing here?
If you abandoned me like that, the least
you could be doing is living a good life.
Don't you think that's the very least
you could do for me?
I saw you...
on TV.
It may have been different...
if I hadn't seen who adopted you...
and how you'd been living your life.
But I did see you.
I did.
I was so sure that I could make sure
that you wouldn't find out.
You'd never come to a
barber shop, since you're a girl.
And it's not like I would've
confessed this fact to you myself.
I just...
wanted to see you go to school
and head back home every day.
I just wanted to see you every day...
and see that you were doing well.
That was all.
But...
I had no idea that you'd appear before me
holding a little girl's hand...
and that she'd come running here
to the barber shop
in such frigid weather.
I never would've expected it.
I couldn't...
just throw that away...
but I couldn't use it, either.
So I saved it up.
That is a record...
of how I've lived my life here...
for the past 27 years.
I thought...
that you may need it.
Even if I have to sell the clothes
on my back because I have no money...
I will never accept
your money, ma'am.
And don't say that you lived here
for all this time...
because of me, either.
Because I will refuse
to accept that, too.
Let me ask you just one thing.
Why did you do it?
Did you hate me?
Was your life difficult because of me?
Was it that you were only
able to live your life...
without me around?
I don't remember.
So I keep thinking about it
like a crazy person
over and over.
Tell me.
This is the only thing that
you can do for me, ma'am.
You can't tell me?
I took back the money I gave you
for a month's worth of rent
except the money I owe you
for the four days that we stayed here.
Let's never see each other again.
Thanks to you
I managed to get a really thorough look
inside of a police station.
It'd be good if you were cleared
of all charges, I suppose.
So many people are working so hard
looking for Hye Na
so I'm thinking about taking matters into
my own hands, and searching for Hye Na.
Who's Ms. Kang Soo Jin?
Why do you ask?
You know, the teacher who came with you
when you visited my house last time...
I forced her to come with me,
and dragged her along
since Ms. Kang Soo Jin was
merely a substitute homeroom teacher.
Oh.
So Ms. Kang Soo Jin
was Hye Na's substitute
homeroom teacher. I see.
Yes, but she didn't stay
at our school for very long.
And she had no interest
whatsoever in Hye Na.
How do you know that?
Because the person who was
interested in Hye Na was me.
The one who was worried about her
and the one who contacted the school,
police, and CPS again and again was me.
She may have only been a substitute,
but she was still her homeroom teacher.
Yet, she had no interest
whatsoever in the child.
And she's not even in Korea now, anyway.
Where did she go?
Iceland.
That far?
She left before Hye Na went missing.
She said that she
studied birds, or something.
Oh.
So she studies birds, you say.
I'm heading out now because
I have an urgent matter to attend to.
But I'll be back before dinnertime.
Stay here until then.
We have to go, too.
We were planning to leave, anyway.
Are you planning to go to
a hotel again with Yoon Bok?
Yoon Bok is scared of being here.
I'm going to try and find a place
to stay as soon as possible.
I'll talk to Yoon Bok.
And I'd like to speak to you, too.
Just for a moment.
Do I make you feel uncomfortable?
I'll sleep outside this house, then.
I'm more used to sleeping
at the hospital, anyway.
Doctor.
Right now, I...
want to go where nobody knows us.
I would like it if there
was a lot for me to do.
I would like it if
I were very, very busy.
I'm very worried about Yoon Bok.
That she'll know that I'm not
my normal self right now.
And that she'll think that
I'm angry because of her.
I want to hurry
and show her my normal self.
Yoon Bok is okay.
She's completely fine.
No.
Yoon Bok conceals her true feelings.
She'll say that she wasn't hit
even when she was hit
and lies, saying that she's not
in pain when she actually is.
The one being like that
right now is you, Ms. Soo Jin.
Right now, your mental state is the same
as if you'd been in a car accident.
Your bones are broken
and you're bleeding profusely
and yet you're insisting
that you can walk.
You feel like you can walk
right now, don't you?
But you'll only be able to take
a few steps before you fall down.
Get some rest. Please.
No.
I'm not that badly injured.
I abandoned that woman every day
in my heart, anyway.
It's just that I abandoned her
in real life today, is all.
You said that I wouldn't be
able to walk, right?
You know, I...
can get up tomorrow
and do the exact same thing again.
It really doesn't phase me one bit.
Apparently, she went to study abroad
in Iceland before Hye Na went missing.
Iceland?
Yeah. Isn't that a relief?
The prepaid phone that you see here
can be transferred to
up to four people.
There were three kids in our class
who had cell phones.
But they were the type that
they had to wear, right here.
So the only one who has
an actual cell phone
is me!
I wish I could show everyone.
I wonder what they'd say.
There's something I need to
tell you, Yoon Bok.
Look at Mommy.
Starting from today
we won't be living
at the barber shop.
You're not going to ask me
the reason why?
Is it because of me?
No.
I know that you and that lady
got along well with each other.
That was so nice to see,
and I was so thankful for that.
But Mommy and Barber Shop Lady
ended up fighting a little.
You know that even adults can
fight with one another, right?
Can I call Granny Finger?
I told you this before
but you can only call the number
saved on that phone, which is mine.
You can't call or pick up calls
from other people.
Okay?
Let's stay at a hotel for tonight
and then start looking for a place
to stay at, starting tomorrow.
I won't leave you alone
and go off somewhere anymore.
It's okay even if you leave me
alone and go somewhere.
I have a cell phone now, after all!
At any rate
I'll come back
before dinnertime now.
If you pull the string on this,
it turns into bibimbap.
And I have black bean noodles, too!
I can eat by myself.
All right, thanks.
I'm going to go to the cafe up front
for a bit since I have to meet someone.
Right now, it's 2:54.
I'll be back around
3:20 or 3:30.
Can you wait for me by yourself
until then and play on the swings?
All right.
May I ask you who this is?
She looks like you.
There's still a lot of time until 3:20.
Soo Jin.
I know that you're smart.
And I know that
if you wanted to disappear
you would've definitely
been able to do so by now.
Somewhere I wouldn't have
been able to find you.
Right?
But...
you always came back.
You have to come back on time
this time, okay?
When your issue gets resolved,
come straight back.
If you don't come back
on time this time around...
I'll get really angry.
You understand what
I'm saying, right?
All right, Mister.
So please, take good care of Mom
so that she doesn't pass away.
It's not like your mom
ever listens to me.
Granny!
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E06 Mother
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
"I caught a cold, so..."
Then, I'll do all the talking.
I got a cell phone.
But I can't call anyone.
Mom told me not to
call anyone besides her.
Also, I don't know
anyone's phone number.
I don't know my own
phone number, either.
We'll be leaving soon.
When I'm all grown up,
I'll come see you by myself.
I'll remember how to get here.
I have to go now, Granny.
Bye.
Um, yes.
Yes.
Of course.
Yes, then, just a second.
I'll write it down.
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh no!
Goodness!
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm sorry.
I'll call you right back. I'm sorry.
Damn it!
Damn it, what do I do?
Oh, I'm sorry.
My mind was all over the place.
You're not hurt, are you?
Oh, um, what was that about?
I'm very busy, you know.
- Ugh.
- I'm sorry.
I thought I left my car in park.
I'm sorry.
All right, so hurry
and call your insurance company.
Yes, sure.
I'll call them right now.
I'm sorry.
Hello?
Excuse me.
I want to report an accident.
This guy was the one
who crashed into you.
What?
This guy's car backed
into yours, miss.
You didn't crash into him.
Ugh, I'm so busy as it is! Damn it!
I saw everything.
I'm sorry, I'll call you back.
I'll check my dash cam,
if you don't mind.
Damn it!
That thug!
Yes, hello.
This is the insurance company, right?
This is Jongro-gu, Pyeongchang-dong,
Pyeongchangmunwha-ro.
Which street is this?
- 24th street.
- Oh, 24th street.
Yes, Pyeongchangmunwha-ro, 24th street.
There was a collision. Yes.
Thanks.
You're so smart.
Where do you live?
Um...
Do you live nearby?
The barber shop.
Oh, you mean Samhwa Barber Shop?
You're their child, I see.
No, that's not it.
We're just living there for a bit.
Oh, really?
What's your name?
I'm so thankful, so I want
to send you something.
Um...
Yoon Bok!
Mom!
Big Sis!
Come here, Yoon Bok.
Her name is...
Yoon Bok?
I'm sorry, Hyun Jin...
but can't you keep it a secret
that you met me and Yoon Bok?
Big Sis.
Mom raised three daughters
without a father.
There's nobody else who'd
understand you better than Mom.
It's because I'm running out of time.
We have to leave soon.
As quietly and quickly as possible.
I'll explain things later.
There's nobody who's more
short on time right now than Mom.
Mom may end up passing away
without ever even knowing
that you have a daughter.
You don't know how much
Mom loves kids, do you?
Whenever she sees kids,
her eyes start sparkling.
She's the type to cancel on a live show
just for Tae Mi and Tae Hoon.
If Mom sees Yoon Bok
she'll feel more encouraged to live on.
It's most important...
to maintain her will to
survive, don't you think?
I'm sorry, Hyun Jin.
But Mom wouldn't understand.
Neither would you or Yi Jin.
Because even I can't understand
the situation I'm in right now.
The only thing that I know for sure
is that I must take that child
and go far, far away from here.
All right.
I do understand how you must feel.
But, I'm a reporter.
I'm just naturally bad at saying
I haven't seen something that I've seen.
You've asked me to do
something that's too difficult.
Have we been exposed now?
No, we're okay.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sorry.
You didn't do anything wrong.
Everything will be fine.
I have to go somewhere.
And I'll be back by 4:30.
Stay here and eat.
Let's go eat dinner
together after I get back.
I'll leave my bag and my coffee here
so if someone asks, tell them
that I went to the bathroom.
And if anything happens, call me.
Can you do that?
All right. Have a good time
in the bathroom.
I'm home.
Oh, hey.
Oh, you're back?
Eat this.
- Rock, paper, scissors, shoot!
Yum, that's good.
Mom ordered beef from Hoengseong.
She wants to make sure she's
well-fed before she goes abroad.
They don't have braised short ribs
abroad, after all.
I'm here.
Oh, you're here?
Your eldest aunt is here.
- Hello.
Hey.
You came earlier than expected.
It needs to cook a bit longer.
It's delicious.
Rock, paper, scissors, shoot!
Don't you think she's suddenly
being way too nice to you?
I feel like she's putting on airs
as a future chairwoman.
What do you mean by that?
You don't know since you
left early yesterday
but Yi Ji will become a chairwoman.
Ask our attorney when you next see him.
Mom.
I don't think I'll be able to
eat dinner with you all today.
Why not?
Mom said that she'd be here at 4:30.
And it's 4:05 right now.
So, the amount of time there is
left until she gets back is...
um...
One, two minutes...
three, four, five...
six...
Something urgent came up,
so I have to go.
And...
as for the time that
we meet each other
- let's meet earlier from now on...
- Soo Jin.
You have to tell me
what the urgent matter is.
Everyone got together at this time
today so we could have dinner with you.
So if you can't tell us why
you can't stay
that would be too rude of you.
Wait, you're going to leave
without eating?
I'm sorry.
What are you saying?
Just have a bite, at least.
It's not like it'll take you
several hours to eat.
Yeah, and tell us what this
"urgent matter" is.
Doctor Jung?
What is it?
Wait, you're on your way
to our place right now?
What? You want to know if it's
okay if you take Soo Jin?
When?
Where are you going?
You're going on a drive
and then going to eat dinner afterward?
So you did have an urgent matter
that you couldn't tell me about.
Eat before you go.
Doctor Jung can eat first, too.
I've made more than enough.
Hey.
What's more important right now?
Short ribs or a man?
You did even worse things
when you were younger.
Hurry and go.
Soo Jin.
Get in.
Oh, goodness me.
Look at her,
just getting in like it's nothing.
They don't seem to have
an ordinary relationship.
I'm sorry.
I surprised you, didn't I?
Yes, I was surprised.
There's a place I really
need to go with you right now.
But there was no way for me
to contact you sooner.
And we can't be late.
Where are we going?
Um...
it's somewhere I go often in
the evening, on weekends.
And sometimes I spend
the night there, too.
Where's Yoon Bok?
What kind of relationship do
Doctor Jung and Big Sis have?
I'm not really sure.
They have met up three times
just this week, though.
What?
You really are amazing, Mom.
You go out of your way to
find your daughter a husband
even when you're so ill.
Thanks to that,
you managed to get married.
Yeah, but it's not a happy marriage.
There's no such thing
as a happy marriage.
It's good enough that you
gave birth to such cute pups.
- They don't suit each other.
- What are you talking about?
How old is Doctor Jung, again?
- Isn't he younger?
- What are you saying?
Soo Jin definitely looks
younger than him.
It's a bit strange that a doctor
his age is still not married, too.
If he were half decent, some woman
would've snatched him away by now.
Maybe Doctor Jung has issues?
We managed to get here just in time.
We have to go in before the sun sets
and grab ourselves a spot.
The evening migration will start soon.
When that's over, the oriental
greenfinches will be the first to come.
Then, the meadow buntings.
And then the woodpeckers.
And when it gets quiet...
take a good look.
The solitary snipes might even come out.
A solitary snipe?
They say that it takes three generations'
worth of effort to see a solitary snipe
but I've seen them here for three years
straight now, right around this time.
There's a valley if we walk
a bit more up from here.
And there's a flat boulder near there.
Sit right there, and don't move.
The birds start moving around 30 minutes
before the sun sets.
Hm, you should get going now.
You want me to go alone?
Just stay there for
30 minutes and come back.
All by yourself, in a place
where nobody can find you.
Yoon Bok.
You're okay with being with me
while your mom goes there, right?
Have fun, Mom.
There was a baby rabbit
that wanted to run away.
"I'm going to run away, Mom."
"I'll chase after you
if you run away."
"Because you are my adorable child."
"If you follow me, Mom"
"I'll go to the riverside
and become a fish."
"And I'll swim away."
"If you go to the riverside
and become a fish"
"I'll become a fisherman."
"Then, I'll catch you."
"If you become
a fisherman, Mom"
"I'll go to a mountain that is
much higher than the one you're at"
"and become a rock."
I'm going to give
everything to this child.
I will give many,
many things to this child.
Until...
the child forgets about all
of her old scars completely.
That is quite important to me.
Because...
that is a matter that
involves my very soul.
"If you go to a high mountaintop
and become a rock"
"I will become a hiker."
"Then, I will climb up
to where you are."
No.
I don't need a lot of things.
Getting things like that makes me think
that the mother who gave birth to me
may have abandoned me because
she couldn't give me these things.
But I can live without
these sorts of things.
I'm sure that the person
who abandoned Soo Jin
had her own reasons for doing so.
But when I think about
how my child was abandoned
my desire to be understanding of her
circumstances completely vanishes.
The child had wounds all over her body
and she was tied down with a lock
so that she couldn't escape.
The only acceptable excuse to me
that I could be understanding of...
is that she died.
If that were the case...
I could say, "Oh, so that's why she
could no longer raise the child."
and understand why
she did what she did.
"I'll become a bird and fly
far, far away."
If this goes on TV
will everyone be able to see me?
Everyone in this country
will be able to see you.
Is there anyone that
you hope will see you?
What do you want them
to see about you, exactly?
That I'm doing well.
"If you become a bird
and fly far, far away"
"I will become a tree"
"and wait for you here."
"Forever."
I'm doing well.
Are you taking customers?
Of course. Come on in.
What are their names?
One of them is named Soo,
and the other one is named Jin.
Oh, Soo and Jin.
Oh, goodness.
I have to feed them.
Oh no!
The birds need to be fed.
Huh?
I forgot to return the key
for the bird cage to her.
Even though I was the one
who was in charge of the birds.
Yoon Bok!
Mom!
Did you have a good time, Mom?
Did you have a good time?
Big Sis has a kid?
She wants me to keep it
a secret from Mom.
But I don't think I should.
Big Sis has a kid?
She wants me to keep it
a secret from Mom.
But I don't think I should.
Why not?
Mom will be so happy
if she sees that child.
At this rate, she'll pass away without
knowing that Big Sis has a daughter.
Why do you think that we were unaware of
the fact that she had a kid up until now?
If she had a proper child, then we
would've known about her by now.
What if Big Sis is some
married guy's side chick?
You think that Mom will be happy to
find out that she's a home wrecker
and is on the run with a kid, when
she raised Big Sis with so much care?
Even the strongest parents
will crumble if they find out
that their daughter did
something horrific.
Yet, you think Mom will be
happy, despite this situation?
What do I do?
What do you mean?
Keep quiet about it, of course.
We have to keep it hidden,
and send them off well.
Wow, I really can't believe Soo Jin.
She was talking as if she had
no intention of ever having kids
when we were discussing
the inheritance yesterday!
Here I come!
Why are Mom and Auntie
talking over there, when it's cold?
Mom and Auntie are talking?
Those two usually
don't talk to each other.
We usually go to that spot when
we're discussing secret matters.
Honey.
Do you know where Iceland is?
It's at the edge of the earth.
I think it'll be fine, honestly.
Even if that woman
Kang Soo Jin took Hye Na
if the two of them are in
Iceland, well, then...
Why did they say that she
went to Iceland, again?
To study.
What did she say that
she was studying, again?
Birds?
Honey.
Let's have a nice life now.
It's just the two of us now.
What are you plotting with Soo Jin?
She'll be leaving soon.
That's all I can tell you.
When is she leaving?
In about two weeks or so.
If she wants to leave, she should hurry.
Why is she here for another two weeks?
Is there a problem?
I'll tell you later.
She's a home wrecker,
and a single mom, to boot?
Wow, Soo Jin really is hopeless.
I didn't think she was like that.
No, that's not what happened.
Yes, Madam?
Can't we stop by the barber shop, Mom?
Why?
I took the key for
the bird cage by accident.
Granny won't be able to feed them.
I'm sorry, Mom.
All right.
Tell me your side of the story now.
I kept thinking that I should
have told you about this.
But I'm sure that Soo Jin
has her own reasons.
Hey.
Yes.
I'm sure that Soo Jin
has her own reasons.
But that's Soo Jin's problem.
When were you planning
to tell me about this, then?
First, Soo Jin...
would have to have made all the
preparations to move with the child...
So...
Soo Jin has a child?
Those little...
Granny!
Oh my word.
Oh... my goodness.
Goodness.
You should feed them now, Granny.
I'm sure that they must have been hungry.
But is your cold
all better now, Granny?
Thank you for everything.
Let's go again sometime.
Can we?
Let's go tomorrow.
Because I have to go to work on Monday.
Sure.
Is it because of me that you're
not going in to say hello?
No.
Yoon Bok.
Let's get going now.
All right.
Oh my goodness!
Are you the woman
who abandoned my daughter?
[Call Me Mother / Mother]
Subtitles by DramaFever
Is she the kid?
Why were you hiding her?
Is there a problem?
You're Kang Soo Jin's daughter?
- Yes.
- I'm your grandma.
Grandma.
Could I see a photo of
Hye Na, by any chance?
She seems to look similar
to a girl that I know, you see.
What are the chances
that I'll still be alive
to see a girl who is
seven years old now enter college?
I remembered the memory
that I'd forgotten.
The one where my mom, whom I'd
waited for for so long, tried to kill me.
The woman from Samhwa Barber Shop...
go put her somewhere far away
so that I will never see her again.